Hi all,

thanks for agreeing to speak at the Workshop on Polynomial
Functors! All the titles are in (but feel free to adjust). We
have tried to put together a schedule, respecting detected
dependencies and trying to minimize time zone inconveniences.
Please have a look, and feel free to speak up if you would like
to suggest changes.

Within the next few days the workshop will be announced
(categories and types mailing lists, as well as the Zulip chats
and some blogs). There will be an online form for registration.
Judging from other similar event, and judging from the prestige
of the speakers, we can expect over a hundred participants,
probably with varied background: the diversity of the audience
will surely be even more pronounced than the diversity of the
speakers! We hope you will take this into account when you
prepare your talk.

The next step in the planning is to collect abstracts. Some of
you have already sent one -- thanks for that! Otherwise please
send us an abstract at the earliest of your convenience. Making
the abstract public early will help getting an interested audience.
You are welcome to adjust the abstract along the way: we will
be happy to make all the updates necessary to the web page --
the way it is set up it is no trouble.

We look forward very much to this even, and we are proud you
have all agreed to to contribute to it!

Best wishes,
David and Joachim.


